# Homework-Two
Unit 02 CSS and Bootstrap Homework: Responsive Portfolio

This project consisted of making a portfolio website using bootstrap. i started from scratch, from there i started to build a responsive website consisting of three pages, index.html, contact.html and portfolio.html. from the i added the bootstrap .css file and the javascript file from the bootstrap website. one i was done adding those liks, i added my own .ccs file named style.css that overides some of those css parameters that are set in the bootstrap .css file. I proceeded to add a nav bar in the body of the html text. i modified the nav bar so it would fit my specific parameters. from there i proceeded to add containers and row and colums to the text to seperate tumbnails from the main text. i added two paragraphs about me and also added a footer. 
On the profile page, i added the same thing as the index page but with a couple of exceptions, insted of the adding one thumbnail, i added 5 of them and then i inserted pictures of websites with the first picture being the one for home work one. 
On the contact page, i did the same but the only diffrence was that instead of adding tumbnail, i added a contact forn that requires you to fill in your name, email and a breif message of why you are contacting me. As far as the style sheet, i added padding, margins, text align, and font color and background changes to the file to change the look of the website.
here is the link to the deployed website :https://luismvela1.github.io/portfolio-website/